readme.md, before:

# CTEC3905 ASSIGNMENT

## My Website - **Greenhouse**

Greenhouse is a website that provides information about houseplants such as growing tips, interesting facts and the conditions specific plants need to thrive. The website has sections intended to inspire people to start caring for houseplants and provides inspiration for those deciding what plant to choose next.

Greenhouse's target audience is both new and experienced houseplant growers. The website has an intuitive design and uses simplistic terminology, designed to be accessible  for those who are new to growing houseplants while also being engaging for those who are not. It has a variety of sections that can be useful to both audiences, and condenses both informative and trivial information into an easy to read format.

## Website Organisation

The website has been split into four distinct sections: the **Home** page, a **Plant Care** section, a plant **Gallery** and an **About Us** page. Each of these can be accessed from the navigation bar, which can be found at the top of the screen.

- **Home**: Contains: An introduction to what **Greenhouse** that also signposts other useful sections of the site, an informative section that explains why you should have houseplants, and a final section that introduces the simplest categoriest of housplants and describes how each differ. 
- **Plant Care**: Split into an informative section that describes the importance of choosing the right plant for you, and a plant care guide.
- **Gallery**: A searchable gallery of houseplants. Each houseplant tile contains the name of the plant, a photo of it, a custom water and sun index rating, and a trivial fact about the plant.
- **About Us**: Provides information about what **Greenhouse** is, what the mission of the website is and how to contact the *people* behind the company.

## Screen Size Accessability

The website has been developed using a mobile-first approach and is designed to be accessible on all screen resolutions above 300px. The most noticeable feature that shows this is the collapsible navigation bar. On a screen below 900px in width, the navigation bar is collapsed and can be opened by clicking the hamburger icon in the top right. The organisation of multiple sections also changes in response to the screen size changing.

## Additional Notes

Each of the tiles in the **Plant Gallery** are constructed with JavaScript, the data is stored in the [**gallery.json**](js/gallery.json) file.

## References

[Quote by David Attenborough](https://wwf.org.au/blogs/10-best-nature-quotes-from-sir-david-attenborough/?rd=1)

### Images

#### Navigation Bar

[Plant Logo](https://pngtree.com/freepng/a-bunch-of-black-foliage-patterns_4286368.html)

#### Home

[Landing Photo](https://www.apartmenttherapy.com/8-houseplants-that-can-survive-urban-apartments-243071), 
[Indoor Palm](https://www.masterclass.com/articles/palm-plant-care-guide), 
[Climbing Plants](https://houseplantauthority.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/monstera-adansonii-5.jpg), 
[Hanging Plants](https://www.plants.com/p/string-of-pearls-hanging-succulent-plant-157638-h), 
[Cacti ](https://stock.adobe.com/images/succulents-or-cactus-in-concrete-pots-over-white-background-on-the-shelf/146731410), 
[Brain Cartoon](https://illustoon.com/photo/thum/3902.png), 
[Plaster Cartoon](https://pngtree.com/freepng/wound-plaster-icon_5060853.html), 
[Lightbulb Cartoon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Simple_light_bulb_graphic.png), 
[Gas Mask Cartoon](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRgZ6mXFonbM6wGK1mWXY2TnNB4mSdrFSAwWjR_EQfPUir4G82kuIaRxCqwdzWGv9my5xE&usqp=CAU)

#### Plant Care

[Propagation](https://modernfarmer.com/2021/04/how-to-propagate-your-houseplants/), 
[Growing GIF](https://giphy.com/stickers/plants-leaves-plant-growth-jV5evAbMaL4GSn85tt)

#### Gallery

[Intro Photo](https://www.pexels.com/search/indoor%20plants/), 
[Sun Icon](https://www.freeiconspng.com/images/sun-icon), 
[Water Icon](https://www.citypng.com/search?q=water+drop+icon+png), 
[Snake Plant](https://stock.adobe.com/search?k=sansevera), 
[Spider Plant](https://greengardencottage.com/how-to-grow-baby-spider-plant-in-water-easily/), 
[Golden Pothos](https://nouveauraw.com/indoor-plants/varieties/pothos-golden-pothos-plant/), 
[Chinese Money](https://www.gardenbetty.com/pilea-peperomioides-chinese-money-plant/), 
[Monstera](https://plantura.garden/uk/houseplants/monstera/types-of-monstera), 
[Rubber Plant](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/rubber-plant), 
[Jade Plant](https://www.lovethegarden.com/uk-en/article/money-plant-jade-plant-crassula-ovata), 
[String of Pearls](https://www.mygarden.com/plants/string-pearls), 
[Areca Palm](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/areca-palmn), 
[African Milk](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0435/9667/7275/products/babyeuphorbiatrigonatrio_1024x1024@2x.jpg?v=1676548377), 
[Angel Wing](https://www.thespruce.com/bunny-ear-cactus-guide-5190802), 
[Calathea](https://www.thespruce.com/calathea-orbifolia-growing-guide-5270824)



#### About US

[Greenhouse Cartoon](https://pngtree.com/so/greenhouse), 
[Collection 1](https://www.gardeningetc.com/news/plant-of-the-year-2022-baby-rubber-plant), 
[User Cartoon](https://openclipart.org/detail/247324/abstract-user-icon-1), 
[Collection 2](https://www.housedigest.com/960712/plants-perfect-for-a-north-facing-window/), 
[@ Cartoon](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.freepnglogos.com%2Fpics%2Fat-sign&psig=AOvVaw1m81s61dW6vWl-jijHLcM-&ust=1678115251986000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CA8QjRxqFwoTCIiJ7M2Ixf0CFQAAAAAdAAAAABAx), 
[Collection 3](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jamiegold/2020/06/16/5-easy-to-grow-houseplants-that-improve-indoor-air-quality/)

Commit message:

updated readme to specify assignment brief & marking scheme

readme.md, after:

# CTEC3905 ASSIGNMENT - [Mark Recieved - 97.5%]

## Assignment Brief

For this project, I was assigned the task of developing a website comprising no more than four separate pages, centered around a topic of my choice. The primary objectives of this module were to teach students:

- **GIT and GitHub Usage**: Gain proficiency in version control and code storage through GIT and GitHub.
- **Information Architecture and Design Principles**: Exhibit a critical understanding of Information Architecture, user interface design, usability principles, and semantic markup.
- **Front-End Web Technologies**: Demonstrate a comprehensive grasp of the three current front-end web technologies, understanding their applications and contexts.
- **Standards-Compliance and Responsiveness**: Create a fully standards-compliant, responsive, and accessible website or web-based application.

## Marking Criteria

The assignment was marked on 5 criteria for each of the following 4 headings:

- **HTML and CSS Code Quality**
- **JavaScript, APIs & JSON**
- **Responsiveness, Accessibility, and Interaction**
- **GIT Version Control**

If a criterion is fulfilled, a 5% score is awarded; if partially addressed, a 2.5% score is given, and if not addressed, the score is 0%.

## Website Description

Greenhouse is a website that provides information about houseplants such as growing tips, interesting facts and the conditions specific plants need to thrive. The website has sections intended to inspire people to start caring for houseplants and provides inspiration for those deciding what plant to choose next.

The target audience is both new and experienced houseplant growers. The website has an intuitive design and uses simplistic terminology, designed to be accessible  for those who are new to growing houseplants while also being engaging for those who are not. It has a variety of sections that can be useful to both audiences, and condenses both informative and trivial information into an easy to read format.

## Website Organisation

The website has been split into four distinct sections: the **Home** page, a **Plant Care** section, a plant **Gallery** and an **About Us** page. Each of these can be accessed from the navigation bar, which can be found at the top of the screen.

- **Home**: Contains: An introduction to what **Greenhouse** that also signposts other useful sections of the site, an informative section that explains why you should have houseplants, and a final section that introduces the simplest categoriest of housplants and describes how each differ. 
- **Plant Care**: Split into an informative section that describes the importance of choosing the right plant for you, and a plant care guide.
- **Gallery**: A searchable gallery of houseplants. Each houseplant tile contains the name of the plant, a photo of it, a custom water and sun index rating, and a trivial fact about the plant.
- **About Us**: Provides information about what **Greenhouse** is, what the mission of the website is and how to contact the *people* behind the company.

## Screen Size Accessability

The website has been developed using a mobile-first approach and is designed to be accessible on all screen resolutions above 300px. The most noticeable feature that shows this is the collapsible navigation bar. On a screen below 900px in width, the navigation bar is collapsed and can be opened by clicking the hamburger icon in the top right. The organisation of multiple sections also changes in response to the screen size changing.

## Additional Notes

Each of the tiles in the **Plant Gallery** are constructed with JavaScript, the data is stored in the [**gallery.json**](js/gallery.json) file.

## References

### Navigation Bar

[Plant Logo](https://pngtree.com/freepng/a-bunch-of-black-foliage-patterns_4286368.html)

### Home

[Quote by David Attenborough](https://wwf.org.au/blogs/10-best-nature-quotes-from-sir-david-attenborough/?rd=1)

[Landing Photo](https://www.apartmenttherapy.com/8-houseplants-that-can-survive-urban-apartments-243071), 
[Indoor Palm](https://www.masterclass.com/articles/palm-plant-care-guide), 
[Climbing Plants](https://houseplantauthority.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/monstera-adansonii-5.jpg), 
[Hanging Plants](https://www.plants.com/p/string-of-pearls-hanging-succulent-plant-157638-h), 
[Cacti ](https://stock.adobe.com/images/succulents-or-cactus-in-concrete-pots-over-white-background-on-the-shelf/146731410), 
[Brain Cartoon](https://illustoon.com/photo/thum/3902.png), 
[Plaster Cartoon](https://pngtree.com/freepng/wound-plaster-icon_5060853.html), 
[Lightbulb Cartoon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Simple_light_bulb_graphic.png), 
[Gas Mask Cartoon](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRgZ6mXFonbM6wGK1mWXY2TnNB4mSdrFSAwWjR_EQfPUir4G82kuIaRxCqwdzWGv9my5xE&usqp=CAU)

### Plant Care

[Propagation](https://modernfarmer.com/2021/04/how-to-propagate-your-houseplants/), 
[Growing GIF](https://giphy.com/stickers/plants-leaves-plant-growth-jV5evAbMaL4GSn85tt)

### Gallery

[Intro Photo](https://www.pexels.com/search/indoor%20plants/), 
[Sun Icon](https://www.freeiconspng.com/images/sun-icon), 
[Water Icon](https://www.citypng.com/search?q=water+drop+icon+png), 
[Snake Plant](https://stock.adobe.com/search?k=sansevera), 
[Spider Plant](https://greengardencottage.com/how-to-grow-baby-spider-plant-in-water-easily/), 
[Golden Pothos](https://nouveauraw.com/indoor-plants/varieties/pothos-golden-pothos-plant/), 
[Chinese Money](https://www.gardenbetty.com/pilea-peperomioides-chinese-money-plant/), 
[Monstera](https://plantura.garden/uk/houseplants/monstera/types-of-monstera), 
[Rubber Plant](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/rubber-plant), 
[Jade Plant](https://www.lovethegarden.com/uk-en/article/money-plant-jade-plant-crassula-ovata), 
[String of Pearls](https://www.mygarden.com/plants/string-pearls), 
[Areca Palm](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/areca-palmn), 
[African Milk](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0435/9667/7275/products/babyeuphorbiatrigonatrio_1024x1024@2x.jpg?v=1676548377), 
[Angel Wing](https://www.thespruce.com/bunny-ear-cactus-guide-5190802), 
[Calathea](https://www.thespruce.com/calathea-orbifolia-growing-guide-5270824)



### About US

[Greenhouse Cartoon](https://pngtree.com/so/greenhouse), 
[Collection 1](https://www.gardeningetc.com/news/plant-of-the-year-2022-baby-rubber-plant), 
[User Cartoon](https://openclipart.org/detail/247324/abstract-user-icon-1), 
[Collection 2](https://www.housedigest.com/960712/plants-perfect-for-a-north-facing-window/), 
[@ Cartoon](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.freepnglogos.com%2Fpics%2Fat-sign&psig=AOvVaw1m81s61dW6vWl-jijHLcM-&ust=1678115251986000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CA8QjRxqFwoTCIiJ7M2Ixf0CFQAAAAAdAAAAABAx), 
[Collection 3](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jamiegold/2020/06/16/5-easy-to-grow-houseplants-that-improve-indoor-air-quality/)
